Implementation of wallet header proofs (#488)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: docs/OPENID4VCI-SATOSA-FRONTEND.md

| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| config.security.dpop_required               | This is the flag to enable the DPOP validation needed as access token for token and credential endpoints<br />([https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9449](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9449)).<br /> If this setting is missing it will be set to true by default.                                                                                       |

> | config.security.wallet_attestation_required | This is the flag to enable the wallet client attestation validation in POP JWT format<br />([https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth-06.html#section-5.2](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth-06.html#section-5.2)).<br />If this setting is missing it will be set to true by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.security.wallet_attestation_required | This flag enables the [OAuth 2.0 Attestation-Based Client Authentication](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth-06.html). If this setting is missing it will be set to true by default. |
```
